welcome welcome to your mom's house
[Music]
Jane your main gene is getting back out
there I got some 2018 dates to announce
I'm going to demo ah Iowa also known as
Des Moines what is it
February February 8 9 and 10
I'm going to be at the Des Moines funny
bones and then also I added you're going
there to uh sharp leg titties no I'm
going to Charlotte Teddy's April 12th
through 14th so I'll be there if you're
in a either city go to Tom cigar.com /
tour and get tickets sharp leg titties
Des Moines Iowa what else you got gene
January 12th my 8 o'clock show sold out
at the Ice House in Pasadena so we've
added a 10 o'clock show so get your
tickets now that is coming up soon that
is this Friday so Christina P online for
those tickets February 2nd and 3rd salt
February see I didn't say it right right
wrong February it's February that's
right hmm 2nd 3rd short Lake titties
puto at wiseguys come in your face club
February 23rd one night one show only
Colusa casino in Colusa california March
30th and 31st
Portland Hourigan at the hiriam comedy
krub christina p online for your tix
it takes at the ethic - yes court hand
yeah this is uh what they call is this
psycho funk shorthand by Eddie Bojangles
you
I can tell you love it huh I could see
you wearing your high-heeled shoes
dancing to this me and my sisters out of
town hmm
drop feel you tonight did it again any
Bojangles you don't need no man time to
get into the show Jean are you ready for
one heck of a fun yeah yeah ready here
we go
let's get into it Jean what's another
bloody fuck bitch Vicki like fuck you
you fucking bloody bastard you sell
paint your glory thank you you know
blunder my butt baby blood you know
who's Randy don't bring anyone love into
this
[Music]
a quick reminder this happens as you
know whenever something like this occurs
but it is my duty and my obligation said
duty duty obligation to remind you that
your boy t-bonds has a brand new Netflix
special you can begin streaming
worldwide this Friday January the 12th
Netflix the special is called
disgraceful don't forget to check it out
tell your friends tell your family what
do people expect from this lucky people
expects one of my favorite interview
questions about a comedy show it you can
expect that I go for it politics are
gonna be talking a lot of oh you have
issues people way to go I hope you don't
fuck up and do a bunch of Trump jokes
okay right because that's what you're
the political comic or even like like
but who are you to decide like what's
what's fucking up and what's not I mean
like you know like do you mean
personally for you it would upset you
okay I hope you don't say anything that
I take offense to no that's not what I
do but like I already don't like you
just so you know I have a son yes I mean
the crazy blond hair
tell me though that your personal
criteria for what the special exactly
all the turns they should take and the
topics that should tackle and then if
they're like I was up to you I was with
you up until this point that's what they
tell you I've gotten those I had a guy
who was so he loved my special until I
made fun of Dick Clark and for him Dick
Clark was the gold standard and he was
very upset with me and well then he
liked a lot of it because that was the
class the last big he was on board and
then I lost him there so no I saw a lot
of backlash for Chapelle you know so I
haven't seen that tail then they're like
you you know this top and then they also
some people were like you shouldn't have
done Trump jokes it's like why why
shouldn't he you do it
what yeah it's like what are you talking
about man yeah he didn't like ask you
what do you want to see and then
against your wishes he's doing his own
show yeah yeah and also too you know
with I've been reading about the offense
people have been taking and not people I
should say I should say the writers the
the PC people they're going after
Chappelle yeah and and my favorite I
read an article is like you know he's
unsympathetic to trans people and he
should be more sympathetic to trans
people of color like as if to imply that
Dave Chappelle is not only responsible
for one type of trans but he should be
thinking of the spectrum of all types of
people with all types of gender identity
and and colors and like he can't be
responsible for all of it guys like he's
just a man with his point of view trying
to make some jokes that's his job as
responsible he's responsible for going
for jokes yeah if he was like I'm not
doing jokes tonight then you'd be like
he's a very irresponsible at his job
right and he should be taking into
account every person of color with the
race and the gender and the thing about
really dude give the guy a fucking break
he's a funny guy he's a good entertainer
yeah just maybe he's not for you that's
another option yeah that's true maybe
I'm not for you there are a lot of
options right yeah how about that it's
one of my favourite ones to say to
people who write to me about Netflix
when they're like I didn't like this
part of your Netherlands thing like I
always write back I wish they had other
shows you could watch yeah just
thousands of them without a sea of them
but no I'm actually I'm very much
looking forward to it coming out I'm
looking forward to everyone is there's a
fun it was a fun tour this is a snapshot
of like one of the best nights of the
tour so I think it's it's gonna be a fun
special well it was super funny when you
recorded it I was there for that you
look great it sounded great I think the
material is outstanding I think people
are your fans are going to be very happy
with this I hope so I'll tell ya it's a
big I'll get off social media that day
no yeah I don't even come on you know
I've read about some big actors they go
to other countries aren't you telling me
that no I was telling you that ugly guy
from Star Wars the one who plays sorry
yeah he was on girls oh that ugly guy
the only by the way you know I don't
know what it is about the Star Wars
casting because we just saw the latest
installment and everybody's fucking in a
dog city yeah dog chow I don't know why
why they can't cast attractive actors to
play
oh no bleats I mean everybody's a
fucking Bowser I'm it's a dog pound well
I would say it's a bunch of dogs on
their own there and then especially that
guy from girls yeah Adam driver he is so
ugly I don't even know why he's meeting
man no I know no he looks good there
there that's a good photo is it but I
mean look I'm not I personally I don't
find him sexually attractive maybe some
women do but I feel like he's not very
traditionally handsome let's say that
we're traditionalist
we want you to be handsome the way we
want it to be handsome he looks good
there though that's upsetting that's
like a good fun good photo of him he
looks like a young kinu there I don't
disagree no but in the movie you're just
like can you put your mask back on yeah
yeah put that shit back on or paint more
of those black scars on your face
like the stitching yeah he looked cooler
with the scars on his face I thought
yeah I don't know I was like anyway no
spoiler I'm not gonna spoiler alert or
any or whatever the word is you earned
the platform they Luke Skywalker does
make an appearance okay and when you
know that he was he goes to the island
of the gurus or wherever he's from afar
Island right Jafar Croaker's now
annoying to us as viewers they don't
address the biggest issue which is how
does he masturbate because there's no
internet connection there's no
masturbation and there's also it's like
there's all this high-tech shit but he's
not watching any porn or asking for porn
like even when he runs into another
person he's like he's not like did you
bring any porn with you well he's been
there for so many years in there a long
time doesn't try to fuck he's not like
what's up with you kids
well there's no other humans there
there's only yeah but then he runs into
a human at some point he's melegari
right yeah it's weird it's weird and he
lives in like a brick Hut so we we
didn't get to see how he shits or where
he shits which I think that's the first
question no bathroom breaks and any part
of the movie there's aliens and people
coexisting no one's like I got to go to
the bathroom
no one says like I'm horny I want to
jerk off right no one tries to fuck
anybody and nobody eats ever in these
films which makes me crazy like which I
guess is the explanation for why they're
not going the bathroom but yeah it's
really stupid like this has a real
fucking hole in this major plot holes
yeah maybe they eat like military MREs
that block them up you know like they're
high in calories that scene where is
this yeah where's that scene I mean
they're on spaceships and things not
like you see a spaceship where there's
like a wookie where does he share a
couple human eyes another alien yeah and
no one's like hey we're up in the
spaceship right now do you guys want to
have an orgy right or like does anyone
got shit well you'd think the wookie
would take wookie sighs dumps already
horrendous where's Chewbacca maybe like
get out of here you know and they force
him the shit out of the side of it you
know spaceship what does Chewbacca eat
like they don't doesn't show him eating
doesn't show him by the way trying to
fuck any women which right lookey you
would look at me like that's gonna yeah
well and it's annoying because he and
c-3po or are no r2d2 they both say the
same phrases like wow and then the other
human understands it yeah always
oh oh you mean you want to go outside
chewy like that sounded exactly the same
as everything he's been saying for 20
years maybe it's like Japanese you know
they just grunt a lot and you're like
well that's a totally different phrase
that's the same thing you just say or
Mandarin they're like and you're like
okay what does that mean and they're
like right that means we have lunch in
17 minutes and you're like all right
like yeah I know I heard you like no now
I just said that the the car downstairs
the tires are flat wait you just said 17
minutes ago so
equating the wookie language with
Mandarin or the r2d2 language with with
one of the oldest languages on the
planet I don't know there's a lot of
things do you think George Lucas studied
Japanese and then wrote the language
well I was not doing Japanese Japanese
oh I'm sorry I my ear is not as tuned do
you think there are people out there
like you know how people learn Klingon
do you think there are people that learn
to speak Chewbacca's language like there
were schools yeah yeah and and the c-3po
language whatever are people so
dedicated to virginity being nerds
that's a 3 p oh I know it's sort of the
dumbest things I think it happens you
know I don't think it's fair to equate
Chinese or Japanese with the Wookiee
language rc3
I think that's pretty I keep mixing them
up r2d2 is the tiny one
c-3po is the the goal uptight yeah the
no-fun broke robot yeah he's the gay
robot yeah he's totally gay right yeah
he's he's very much like him always
going like oh he's Fae yeah do you think
so you think George Lucas wrote him as
like the gay gay robot speaking of
accents and difficult to understand
ladies and gentlemen Tom Segura master
of accents
[Music]
your title has slipped off so much in
the last couple of years what do you got
to remind people first of all that open
and clip was that my stepdad people
thought it was your stepdad and they
wanted to know if that's what it sounded
like when you were growing up yes for
people that don't know Cristina grew up
with an Indian stepdad that's not just
an offense yet and three Indian
stepsisters so true and we ate a lot of
curry and he talked like shit yeah is
that what it sounded like
let's go back no he didn't have a thick
accent is that the folder it says
Cristina stuff that argue I love this
style of arguing yeah because there's a
chance that they both speak the same
language and they're refusing they're
choosing the words the only words they
know which is fucking fuck you yeah
bloody so they obviously live in the UK
yeah and look how a real anger is kind
of scary right
it is my stepdad used to get into
altercations with strangers like this
too didn't speak like this right not
this no no he's really good English yeah
he was from Bombay formerly Mumbai could
you hear the Indian accent every now and
then it would come out but it was not
thick because he came to the US when he
was like 28 years old that's pretty late
I know but but you forget that they were
taught English because you know the
British took over yeah India so I'm
assuming he learned English early in
life okay but yeah sometimes it would
come out fucking who did that a lot
motherfucker fucked a fucking guy like
that's how he's fucking killed a guy
like yeah he actually said him more like
Midwestern I wasn't sometimes was weird
your stories about him are absolutely
terrifying hey now he's dead now
thankfully yeah but he was special yeah
he was different I mean maybe the Indian
guys they get really upset I think it's
I do think it is cultural for Indians to
become more animated and to use the hand
he did a lot of the hand just
ring that you see in the movies you know
and the head bobbing stuff you did that
he was more this gesture what appears to
be happening is the arguments between a
guy who's walking and a guy was driving
and the driver is the one with the
camera he seems more agitated because
see this guy is like trying to tell him
something the Walker is yeah and then
the driver is like are you crazy that's
really a lot of people's a set off point
if you if you asked a crazy person are
you crazy
that's when they lose it yeah you know
you can't ask crazy are you crazy or
you're crazy
then they snap that's like the end of it
no no let's ban shoot that's a this
almost like he referred back to his his
actual native tongue I don't know it was
like fuck you fuck you bitch here bloody
fuck her then he's like Bonjour he's
like no you fucking bunch of right isn't
that what's going on that's what I heard
fucking bloody bastard thank you
so he they are speed they do speak a
comedy when today the old school
language and then he came back yeah
Thank You Luke
bye dude fucking bloody bastard
yeah I said that point like that too
yeah so funny yeah yeah same gesture so
aggressive yeah good new man the stories
you you've told me you know he's really
fucked up we used to I don't know I told
this one but we one time we stopped for
he used to love pistachio ice cream
and we go get it Thrifty's which is the
Rite Aid now one time we weren't good
let's go let's go red pistachio ice
cream I go great we get in the car he
goes hold on I gotta do something gets
out of the car
stabs the guy's tire gets back in the
car we get pistachio ice cream
and at the time I my mom was in the car
and I was like did he just stabbed that
guy's tired and my mother was just
laughing and she was like man he fucking
deserved it so we had to show him this
motherfucker I was like whoa
some guy he'd done business with it how
old room in our lawn set on fire once he
had his windshield shot out on the
freeway by somebody he had done business
with
yes different man didn't pay taxes for
like a decade
oh he says you're running like a lady
let's see he's pissed at this guy and
then he fucking like running like a lady
because this guy's we're jogging I guess
on the side of the road yeah just
telling him it's telling I'm a woman I
love foreigners cussing people out it
makes me laugh body posture what the
fuck man
see that's a good that's a definitely a
colloquialism like that man they pick
that up what the fuck man bloody bitch
fucking fuck you mother mother bitch
what the fuck man they all say what the
fuck man yeah what the fuck man that's
in a lot of 80s movies yeah what the
fuck man fuck eNOS altered meaning
something at me because I'm going to the
other places because of this you are
doing I don't know you are doing like
this I think you have to go going to
accident no sorry not me no good man
salting at me yeah
salt assaulting me Oh assaulting at me
means you're assaulting me yeah yeah
that's so great it's a great argument
yeah I think I like foreign foreign
arguments more than I
like white trash argument so we play
yeah you know I trash away people I
don't know this is what I can be good
it's fun like this because it's you know
what there you can try to guess what
they're trying to say and they're saying
it kind of wrong why you fuck me I fuck
you why are you saying fuck you to me
yeah fuck fuck you yeah they said why
you fuck me I fuck yes that's fantastic
that's a great way let me imagine how
hard is to get a good swear on in a
second language so damn near impossible
[Laughter]
cuz they also you know the Brits lots of
bloody like this bloody that yeah oh my
god that's tough it's tough to get a
perfect sweater you basta bloody bastard
I've heard the joke before I don't know
whose it is but like when you're scared
you always go to your native tongue oh
that's interesting
I forget who did it so I can't but I
heard somebody say that I was like
that's absolutely true like I could be
speaking Spanish in Latin America and
fully be rapping with people but like if
somebody pulls out a gun I'm gonna go oh
shit you know you know you don't stay in
the second tongue of course you always
go to your native town when you're in
fear well I wonder what my parents
dreamed in like what language I think
eventually eventually it changes to
English yeah eventually changes to the
what you're immersed in that's
interesting like you could probably have
I remember when I studied abroad I was
dreaming English English but like three
four months in it was switched over Wow
yeah because it was all day every day no
nobody was speaking English so that's
crazy or just speaking Mexican all day
long all day Mexican yeah my favorite
story is your Senora that you lived with
come down for breakfast tell your story
now I would go to breakfast every day I
lived with an old lady us in your honor
that's why your mom she was like late
seventies early eighties three American
white boys
and the other two had been there for a
while before me so they were doing two
semesters I was doing one so they did a
full semester already so I got there and
like I don't know it's like over a month
into me being there already and we have
we have breakfast and lunch together
most days sometimes dinner but breakfast
every day so I come out and I was like
I'm going to forget what city I'm going
to like the leather or Toledo yeah or
like got Lycia or something this weekend
to visit a friend's family she's like oh
that's nice and I go yeah she goes will
you were underwear to breakfast there
too because every day I would do what I
always do which is like I just come out
of my boxers of course which is what you
do at home
right front of the nanny and she never
say anything yeah but she said it then I
go and I'd ride away I go oh I'm sorry I
go I didn't know so from then on I
always put on like sweatpants or shorts
over my box
yeah but that was her way of letting me
know instead of saying something she's
like will you wear your breakfast there
too you ruin American Rag yeah she was
like Jesus man your nuts are out at
breakfast yeah you still do that like
you're 80 you don't like it at all of
course you like it you do feel more
comfortable in your I want to live in my
boxers yeah I love walking around in my
boxers I bet yeah I mean that's nice I
feel like women should have boxers -
yeah yeah how come you guys get to have
these like awesome shorts basically you
wear on your stuff and then we have to
wear like tight stuff around our coaches
and the truth is our genitals suffer
more by being you know seized up like
that or sealed in you want to build a
bridge yeah you must use my mother's big
one you must let your vagina breathe at
night don't wear underwear when you get
home you take off your underwear well
never sleep she just pluralized things
incorrectly all the time yeah it's hard
English is too complicated it's not an
easy language there's words
come yeah come home as CEO and be his be
OMB to mom and come I'm she's like so
it's not gone he's gone yeah just say
whatever after you hear it you're like
yeah that is kind of dumb that it sounds
different they're spelled basically the
same yeah there's a lot of exceptions to
rules it's really not an easy language
to learn she still uses the wrong
pronouns yes yeah she speaks pretty
great that would just be great like
she'll say like I mean she's not a
non-binary but she'll refer to like you
as he and me as she and I'm just like
whatever yeah let it go
that doesn't bother me doesn't bother me
I'm just like you still get it right
like 39 years I guess I imagine like I
don't know I guess it's so hard it's
hard it is hard well here this is the
master of actions I was trying to get to
okay maybe you can weigh in since you're
such a bragger now for our first fuck
you
go cats face noise on a hot day he's an
alcoholic think so maybe it's I bet he
says it's a cheap beer right yeah well I
can see the label yeah the label starts
with a V
Dorian beer yeah so let's see what sir
has a fuckin dog fuck use for a harder
and thirst fuckers it's either that easy
they're saying that name are saying
fuckers ne'er really tell the
hard-earned thirst fuckers yeah dog
cunts I like dog cunts I've never heard
dog honey I've never heard that before
it's really good dog yeah so intense Tom
fucking dog I mean we've heard cuts like
burnished say can't cut a dog console
wow that is a good one
I bet this guy is a real pig - women -
yeah I mean odd times imagine his me to
list how long that dog is a savage Pig
for sure they're Victoria bitter VB so
bitter tastes nice on a hot day better
so does he say VB fucking dog at the
beginning here that's the only question
does he say it's listening motherfucker
or does he say bidders this part here
[Music]
fuck is oh yeah we're all fuck yous yeah
fuck you see Australian yeah for hot and
thirst fuck yous yeah thanks fuck you
okay he's not saying that I think I bet
you Victoria bitters is like a
ghetto-ass brand or something first
fuck you
I would not be surprised okay guess what
this turns out this guy has a dungeon
and of course you know there's been
girls tied up there for years yeah yeah
yeah yeah he's like don't let any
drip-drop fall out of your mouth I'll
cut your nipples off he's also got that
hard booze bag look where he's really
pale but he turns red easily
this is decades I mean you've pointed
this out a lot and now I'm starting to
notice how people age yeah not so much
that they age but it's in the house and
you can really see how people have been
living it totally dependent upon like it
do they look like this is their skin red
leathery they look like they've been
drinking their whole lives do they have
the distended hard belly this guy is on
his lap I mean this guy's gonna have
he's gonna have a painful death you know
seriously I mean insides are just gonna
melt it's probably got ya I give him
about four years for ya high ten 10 bad
years four good ones six shitty ones on
the way out that's fair
you can also just see like who's avoid
advice that's all it is is like have you
been moderate in your life or have you
been but then you have to go riding it
hard do you what what is joy to you what
brings you joy is it for me seriously
just drinking wine no but I'm saying for
some people that vice is life right
speaking of that you just came back on a
tree yeah I was with the vice champion
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah I went to Atlanta for the national
championship game by the way for those
who followed our weight loss and
remember re the well sheriff's not
paying his bet he more than made up for
it he flew us out he put us up and he
got unbelievable 50-yard line tickets
like 20 rows up to the national
championship game which if you did not
see it you may have heard about it if
you don't follow football it was hands
down one of the best games
ever well and certainly one of the best
national championship games ever I mean
we've had some good ones so we've had
some great ones but that is right up
there I went into overtime
there was a comeback when we just had a
blast we had so much fun we I flew in on
Saturday I went to dinner with the guys
Sunday we went we played top golf which
is like this this thing is really
exploded where you go and you get like a
little Bay and you can hit you play
games but you hit golf balls into an
open driving range but from little bays
and you order food and drinks and oh
speaking of drinks so you got to watch
Burt drink for two and three days entire
day so track so we started Saturday
night we went out to dinner we all had a
few drinks and then we went back to the
he got an Airbnb and we chilled there
and then the next day we went to we went
to brunch they really wanted to do a
like a southern brunch that's fun so I
start with mimosas and you know Burt had
like three or four and I think Ari and I
had one or two and then we go to top
golf and so we we go there and he's just
like TT goes in soda Oh pretty big cup
through Mike and then starts just doing
that I'm actually like I had a few
drinks last night I'm a lightweight I go
I just need to rehydrate so I'm he's
drinking water water and water wasn't
you know I'm the water God's okay so I'm
doing that always having Bloody Mary's
but he's having like one for every two
doubles that guys and by the way Bert's
killing it he's a great golf swing so
he's just like playing well so he has I
don't know we estimate he was like I
think I'd like five we're like I think
you had like seven and we settled on six
which is being generous this is on golf
day yes so we leave there and then we go
home have a drink at the house so here's
another one there huh then we go to a
cigar lounge before dinner he has two
more doubles at the cigar line doubles
doubles now this is the question Tom
you're saying that Bert's drinking six
drinks but he's drinking doubles correct
at each drink right so actually 12
drinks when you're saying 6 yeah so so
if you have the let's say the mimosas
let's not even count them what's to say
that orange yes yeah so six doubles at
top golf we go over to the house he has
another right there seven okay that's
two more at the cigar lounge that's nine
one at dinner okay one after dinner with
the staff okay
he has a shot with a chaser and then one
last one so that's cash it's an
additional one two three four so that's
what well let's add it up I'm not really
good at math it's thirteen thirteen and
six it's 19 so but times two there's a
doubles they're all doubles 30 yeah say
like 38 drinks Wow do another maniac so
it's a lot dude he 38 I made a dinner
reservation I fucked up Jesus I thought
it was for later so when I when I
screwed up we had to like figure out
where you gonna drink until well no
we're going at dinner cuz it's Sunday
night we're like shit and every place I
look up it's closed so I finally find
there's a roofs Chris I wear Ruth's
Chris Chris Ruth's Chris's yeah Karl's
juniors Ruth's Chris yeah we go there
and he's when he uh he goes the bathroom
when he comes back he's like I don't
know he's like try the bread man it's
hot he's like okay and then the whole
like five people from the staff come
back and they're like oh my god he got
recognized and told them hey wait like
two minutes didn't come back and
recognize me in front of you guys so
they're like burnt oh my god we're such
big fans okay but then they were like
talking about your mom's house they're
like God personality I think they're all
its fans of podcasts and stand-up but he
had them come back and like act like
they were a they recognized us and so we
holy shit and then we hung out with like
he was like hanging out with the staff
and I'm like what are you doing
and he's like business the best I was
like do you do this after every shot
he's like yeah yes it's there and shuts
it down just keeps drinking and well
that's what it is yeah it's the drinks
that keep flowing past closing but yeah
he just like to keep the party going
he's a lot of fun when we went to the
game we got stuck in line outside and he
turned that into like a party just like
yelling shit to people one guy was
yelling at him like fuck you man cuz we
skipped a bunch of people in line and
what are you allowed to because you're
ticketing or you just were just know we
were jerks I paid a I paid a guy Oh
smart yeah but we couldn't get up that
far but we did get to skip a bunch of
people and this guy was really pissed
him and his dad he was probably I don't
know late 20s and his dad was late 50s
he's a little guy and he was like mother
fucker get the fucking line like really
get really aggressive and first like
dude we're on television we have to get
in there to work and like making seem
like we're with the production crew and
when we didn't get any further the guy
said what happened your television he's
like dude Google me I'm on TV and the
guy goes what's your name and bird goes
Tom Segura Oh jerk and the guy goes your
name is piece of shit oh my gosh he's
like hey dude you as you're talking a
lot for a little guy like and I could
feel the tension
yeah it'd have actually died down but it
definitely was a pretty heated moment
Wow
mm-hmm this reminds me by the way I saw
the Tonya Harding movie yesterday I
Tanya it's the fucking best movie on the
planet I'm gonna go back to the theater
and see it with you again really dude it
is so goddamn funny and good and if you
grew up with a fucked-up family you're
gonna love it you're gonna laugh your
tits off anyways Tonya Harding's mom is
a real piece of shit yeah and she would
push her to be a winner she used to pay
people to heckle Tonya right before she
would get up to skate like literally try
to be walking to get on the ice and the
mother would pay a heckler to be like
you fucking white trash you piece of
shit
go back to the trail because it would
motivate her early to to escape with
more fire we were in that hilarious yeah
that's so funny that story I'm I'm out
dominant that story was that was like
the lunar story you got to see this
movie with me at the very end they show
clips of her but the movies based on
interviews done by the husband and her
and the people in the controversy it's
it's so fascinating
as a person she's another like foreign
by the way a foreign cursor oh good guy
gambling fuck Jesus there's a good curse
as though yeah I've never heard I've
heard fuck Jesus maybe fuck Christmas
there were some I say fuck Christmas we
learned two new one dog didn't fuck
Christmas today man I love this person
fearfully recording the guy cuz you know
he's like little Timmy oh yeah this
guy's about to blow a gasket that's kind
of fantastic it is again
these machines are oppressed me though
know I'm gonna start going with that
what do you think he's from fuck Jesus
Scott Ireland you think this guy is
Irish you think English is his native
language or Italian know what fuck Jesus
come on you gotta listen here but he's
doing a lot of the Italian no he's not
Italian
it's Italian next door next door next
door fuck he's Malaysian no no that's
like I'd like I said just next door to
Ireland the same thing yeah it was nice
so don't those machines depress you
there they're always in the most
depressing places the machine that he's
playing like the screen with the
roulette on it or whatever oh yeah there
isn't bars like bad bars or going to a
bar where this the guys putting the
dollar in the poker thing yeah yeah you
just know that like their life is for
horrible there's Walker somewhere yeah I
don't like it says a hailer this is for
Tom I was wondering if you've ever been
a logger a logger is someone who takes a
shit and stands up and tries to cut the
third in half with your pee stream it's
fun and well Tim I got some news for you
I am a logger
but no not that kind I was a lead logger
on reality shows which means that you
log the footage right that was one of my
first production jobs here in Los
Angeles right I've never stood up to cut
my shit did you cut I mean your pee
stream would have to be so laser
powerful it gets that way sometimes oh
it does it yeah if it's backed up if
you're backed up Oh ICP heart you'd be
hard it's exciting it's fun but then
your poo would have to be really soft
that day right not necessarily you can
be really hard sometimes huh yeah but
yet to hold your pee during your poo
which is more especially if you really
have to pee oh yeah yeah especially if
you're like because usually what will
happen if you really have to pee and you
poop my favourite time release some pee
yeah well that's that's always been my
conundrum in life is how come I sit down
Rp I've finished peeing and then you
pull but then you make more pa0
yeah you didn't get it all out that's
why no I think it's out but I think I
think I've made more peed during the
pool it's possible but it's really like
I think that is that whole mussels
mightily yeah we got ask dr. drew yeah
bloob an are we gonna see him thank him
out of it possibly on Friday okay
blue band make a note of that questions
for dr. Drew the poo pee pee poo peed
question and I'm making more Pierre's it
just did I didn't empty my bladder the
first time mommies I was listening to a
recent episode and heard the mention of
nail clipping in public I immediately
knew I had to email you my friend
recently decided she wanted to do
something special for her mom's 60th she
spent way more than she should have to
take her mom to a show on Broadway he
sat in the third row at one point her
mom pulls out Clippers now trimming her
toenails no no yes you read that
correctly well my friend shoots her the
what the fuck are you doing look her mom
tells her at full volume it's dark no
one can see me and this is boring anyway
oh my god
needless to say she was absolutely
mortified as her mother proceeded to
clip all 10 nails through her open-toed
mom heels they haven't spoken since they
got back home Michael that's horrifying
that's depressing yeah I mean Jesus
Christ that mom I don't know you can't
teach that you can't raise that okay no
it's not okay
that's so bad I mean why don't you be
embarrassed to cut your toenails in
public too period yeah yeah in Bryant at
a Broadway show like I'm embarrassed to
do it in front of you I always close the
bathroom door and I do it yeah quietly I
don't that's really really fucked up you
don't seem to mind cutting your toenails
in front of me well yeah I don't mind
that yeah I mind
why do you mind I don't like seeing you
do it necessarily what does it make you
feel I'm afraid of it flying at me or
just I don't like to see you doing it
wouldn't leg up on the Saint kind of you
know I never would do it in public ever
never occurred to discuss million years
to do that in public it's disgusting
I don't mind doing it on the bed that's
wrong that's not wrong
that's wrong why is that wrong why would
you do it where you sleep and then
you're gonna lay in the shavings or
whatever I'll get it
oh the dogs won't get it they don't shoe
that should be paid support I've asked
you to trim mine for years and you've
never done it could that be something we
work on we work on that you think no hay
scrums do blind people have standards
since they can't glass with moose soup
lady be gross to them mmm
yeah won't talked about that blind
people can touch your face and you feel
what you look like so that's how they
see your face oh yeah yeah of course
they could touch your face shit
yeah I bet yeah yeah for sure huh yeah
jeez do identical twin sisters get their
period for the first time at the same
time Tilden wow that's a really don't
know anything about like the intricacies
of how that would work twin sisters no
I'm sorry I think of co-joined twins I
was thinking that no no but I know isn't
there a thing that like women who spend
time together absolutely why is that
happen absolutely I mean I don't think I
don't know if I don't know if there's a
medical it's it's hormonal
it's pheromonal like a home with three
women in it well sync up and all have at
the same time yes okay so one whoever is
the dominant female will lead the pack
whoever's on the birth control pill her
cycle is regulated the other women will
follow the one who's on the pill it's
just it's the it's hormones pheromones
you pick it up and it's absolutely true
I wonder what the utility in having it
all at the same time is there
I would imagine something nature to do
like being in a village and everybody
being fertile the women at the same time
maybe they could bring up children
together at the same time or a Duke you
bust nuts in all three yeah it's the
same week that's how you wouldn't say
that but yeah scientifically they could
all bust nuts
yeah and all these chicks yeah he could
be like only would my kid okay with you
I wonder who might get a little ride
with you
with you keep fucking all the different
girls yeah I imagine it's for that
reason sure cool here's a let's see what
this says one more email here when you
have a lot of gas your colon swells up
and push it against the bladder which
causes you to piss abnormally frequently
when I eat refried beans and drink iced
tea my two favorites I spent an entire
day pissing and farting like a
motherfucker
those are your famous helps James hope
this helps with what what that's the
email this helps it says farts push the
piss out oh wow we must have asked about
that need a little more context here I
don't know but listen the iced tea here
is caffeinated too makes you pee more
yeah hmm
yeah very interesting all right
mispronouncing words this is what I've
been fascinated with mommy's on an
episode of 429 with Josh well if you're
talking about having foreign parents who
say wrong shit shit wrong my mom is
Hispanic
my dad is Caucasian both say stuff
horribly wrong even though my dad only
speak English that's my favorite kind
he says pigs died not heads died when a
room is a mess
yeah write that one down for the act
pigs dive pigs died okay like like
fucking non-stop no matter how many
times I corrected it still says it I'm
also 100% retarded because I thought
that vapor rub was Bape or rub because
that's how my mom fucking year they
realize paper totally anyways if you
want to move in you can move in you just
gotta fuck me despite what dr. drew says
far it's 100% push the shuts out will
vapor rub
I could totally of course babe Oh rub
yes of course yeah I actually we had
this debate too we were farting together
and I had the shit after I had farted a
lot and I you know I don't know if dr.
trues entirely right we can challenge
him he's not like the official but wait
a minute because how come a fart signal
that you have to shit then there has to
be a causal relation well no what he
said was they can occur together right
he's like that can absolutely happen
time but they are interdependent of one
another right they they're not
necessarily connected in other words
bard and a shit they can have their own
life but I feel like every time I fart a
lot I have to shit it tell it's a
signaling that I need to go shit it's
really interesting interesting thing to
talk about here's the jelly bean taste
test
what's the jelly bean taste it I don't
like it like this already that's bad I
knew it I fucking knew it and I knew it
would fucking leave there I didn't know
yes you did no I didn't I swear I didn't
I didn't know it doesn't say that
anywhere on here it doesn't say it on
here very disappointing babe I did not
know that you know I have to talk about
this I know that this is a thing yeah it
was on there I swear
look I'm not looking and I'm not putting
my headphones on ah see I just opened
this I didn't see that I swear to you I
didn't see it alright closed I'm gonna
take you in to my therapist so you can
hear me talking about my problems with
perfect okay okay all right okay I'm not
gonna put this on because I don't try
come on oh you've lost my tribe didn't
do it I didn't do it that was not my
idea I swear to you I swear to you yeah
you you're telling me you didn't do it
but you're operating the soundboard
you're the one choosing the clips I just
how can you not know because I didn't
see the clip before uh-huh I swear I
didn't okay nice all it says is barf
clip no it doesn't RF clip look jelly
bean taste test that's what it says okay
alright I didn't know didn't know it
said that um this lady I actually saw a
remix of this lady's you saw it too
because you're like what is wrong with
you
I was watching the remix here put your
things up no babe I'm not playing that
don't trust you first I promise you've
lost my track I promise you swear on our
sons yes yes I swear on my son's eyes I
won't play that thing this lady was I
remember remember this cuz you're not
gonna see this song version just the
independent sex with my mouth licking
the pastor just took the mic away yeah I
can't see this she's kind of fucked up
with this I think she's still drunk yeah
she's still like in men's balls yeah and
then you know suede the remix God you
know I'm talking about no of course you
don't
you made I'm 41 and I don't pay
attention to kids stuff anymore kid
thing it is not a good thing I'm a
responsible adult babe don't
responsibilities i reposted it because
he took that video he's the same one
that did the what's that that white girl
who was on dr. Phil remember how about
that yeah yeah that's so stupid the hose
the hose I forget it's so stupid
it is pretty stupid anyways he took that
lady giving that testimony in church hi
my name's Simon I'm a backslider y'all
pray for me I come home drunk
[Laughter]
I can watch those all day I can't - and
never gets tiring this is why the
internet was created yeah for those
stupid remix you know what remix is one
of my absolute favorites two
Thanksgivings ago I got greens beans
tomatoes potatoes oh yeah he has really
good way he's really good I don't even
know that guy's name but I like it yeah
well speaking of there is a now somebody
made in in that whatever vein that Lane
of taking a remix and then cutting video
to the music you know which is what that
was yeah somebody did that with machines
within No
mm-hmm machines within the machines
within fallen knives featuring DJ Polly
fluid bone mix Holly and I'm by my head
over the weekend a lot of no I a lot
it's not a bad song I feel like it's not
that bad
[Music]
yeah
Wow
[Music]
pretty good man
alien
[Music]
song as well yes it is
so the machines within guy this guy the
actual singer you know we sent him a
cinema check yeah so he got his check
and yeah for the shirts yeah and then he
was like I get some shirts no oh
shirts - he's so talented I wonder what
his next song we didn't be hard to find
out what's he working on I don't know
I'll make sure to find out
oh speaking of so yeah thanks to
everybody that got machines within stuff
and you know the Christmas stuff so last
year we did during the winter time we
did our jean hoodie try it out
and a lot of people liked it it was a
big hit but one of the things that
people told us they're like oh I wish
you had a zip up hmm I wish you had a
zip up it's the ymh zip up Hoodie oh
it's very soft soft as the jean hoodie
yeah it is as soft as that it's a zip up
though so try to do it because many
people asked for a zip up hoodie and
then to go with the new special I have a
t-shirt I'll just let you find it it's
up there and watch the special and then
if you like you can get - awesome I have
a couple other shirts coming within the
next couple of weeks and I also have
working on mugs so there's some some
mugs coming a bunch of stuff in the
store go to merge method comm slash Tom
Segura or just go to town squared I come
and go and just hit store up there I
also have a store on my website
Christine and P online shirts from my
special as well you may find those you
can find those there and you can put
them you can put them in your butt with
you guys hey yeah
why would you say that I don't know why
not
you know the zip ups totally different
than just to pull over you know what I
mean yeah then the kangaroo pouch it's a
gear it's like two different vibes
totally it's totally different vibes
like when I'm going just full travel
dumpy day I like the kangaroo pouch gene
solid item put yourself on upfront
I get it if I'm feeling a little want to
jazz it up Oh zip up that is different
look to tell your family yeah apparently
there's something happening online where
listeners are saying hey blue bland we
assume you're in charge of reading all
our bullshit there's a debate as to the
origins of blue ban and so people have
been commenting on the Facebook group
uh-huh and it says like yo who was blue
ban and then we never seen him someone
says he sleeps standing up in the
mommy's bedroom closet others say he
spends most the time at a local bowling
alley DJing children's parties in
exchange for room and board no one knows
about his background one frigid November
evening when Tommy was out for a walk
he heard frantic splashing from a nearby
reservoir and he went he saw a commotion
there was a soaking wet blue man
fighting for his life and tea man
snapped into action dove into the
freezing water grabbed blue band with
one arm paddled the shore since that
fateful evening blue been owed his life
to DJ dad mouth and is therefore he
found to serve the mommies until his
final breath mm-hmm he could let's see
blue band is doomed isolate farts from
YouTube clips sift through this nerd
submitted email I heard he had a double
pipe classic one time it's very rare I
don't know you want to comment on the
origins of blue band that's a very
elaborate story yeah but it's close its
close to the truth of it yeah I mean he
does live in a nest yeah but it's on a
satva mattress the lumina leaf
collection that's true and it's in a
tree it's a nun tree there's one of the
few people that doesn't mind putting a
mattress up in a tree most people would
be like isn't it gonna fall out of the
tree not if you set it up right yeah you
ever seen a fucking tree house before
dummies yeah so uh he does sleep in a
tree he doesn't feathers I don't know
he's blue yeah well more do you need to
know guys that's pretty pretty much the
whole story yeah secret identity little
secret you guys he was on a show he's
been on yeah he's been he's he's been he
but I don't think we've shown his face
no for good reason he has a severe
scarring on his face he doesn't like to
be seen in public yeah
it says here that couldn't help but
notice
christina has whiter teeth ah yes you're
right
keep it tucked Rick well I know you'd be
happy to see that gene thank you I did
make me happy
my teeth are whiter than yours but I do
feel as though I work at it a little
more than you yeah at oral hygiene
generally at oral hygiene you don't
really brush I've watched you
you just do a very cursory not be like
our toddler brushes no I have a timer on
it I have a timer at times it
I've watched you it's not good yeah it
is you brush like a two-year-old no I
don't ya know hey I have an observation
that's gonna make you feel a lot better
about yourself are you ready sure I was
sitting watching a documentary about
some crazy person or something and then
it occurred to me that I like mental
illness too as do you but you like
murderers you like serial killers I just
don't like the killing stuff but we both
like people with fucked-up psyches I
mean that's kind of the glue of this
whole show is you and I both laugh at
the mentally challenged weirdos of the
world right I don't think that's true
but what I'm saying is I think we you
know potato potato I think we've been
arguing two sides of the same coin here
i I've been judging you with your love
of murder shows but the truth is you
like abnormal psychology and so do i
yeah yeah but I just don't like the
violent I don't like the killing stuff
true but we both like psychos we're
weirdos
yeah like I love fucked up psyches I
think it's one of those thanks well
there is a glue that holds this show
together right I mean if you really
didn't have any interest in that this
podcast but you won't work well the
marriage wouldn't work I don't know you
could probably still find a way to make
the man yeah but you'd be so bored with
me if I didn't laugh at the same stuff
you did really it's true you laugh at
everything up until violence right yeah
because I'm a mother I've given life and
to me it's just I can't watch people
dying it's too hard yeah not like guys
you guys kill each other blow shit up we
make life women are the opposite of hell
we're destructive yeah use your fuckin
crazies yeah we're too aggressive fuck
you bloody bloody fuck you bloody oh
bloody that blondie yeah bloody bloody
fuck you bloody so great and then the
very casual fuck what the fuck man what
the fuck man my teeth are so much wider
though you do have great teeth we tell
you though I worked for many years I had
really bad teeth growing up mmm this is
braces headgear retainers veneers you
name it white nurse goddamn got really
good stuff there just it's like my best
I would say good thing about your teeth
is that once you get them all nice tup
like this you just got to maintain yeah
yeah my parents moved I know right yeah
Oh today yeah dang they bought a new
house like it's their final house you
know we're never gonna move again I was
like why is that I was like you're gonna
die there your dad's pretty open he's
like yeah pretty much your dad is very
accepting of his mortality I found they
do this thing now this is just ageing
where they call and talk to me about
like the most boring thoughts yeah and
and no just things they're doing like he
calls me he's like well we're uh boxing
up some stuff now for the move and I'm
like like I'm waiting for the important
information I'm like yeah
like and then tomorrow will come yeah
that's what happens
head over to new place yeah I know that
you're moving because we've been talking
about it is there a point to this call
though he's like Wow and then they'll
set us up and then it's a new place
after that like right the concept of
moving is not above my capacity to
understand things yeah anything else
he's like got the which the cable I've
got a new cable provider we're gonna go
back to DIRECTV and may only got a new
new address because we're moving now
Mike and no pool we're just good never
use the pool you know it's Florida we
just didn't use it all right I think
we're good to go yeah
Chucky's needs like more people to talk
to it yeah I think this is why I can't
participate in 99% of the conversations
that exist on earth yeah I can't find I
can't do it I can't hear people's the
banality of their daily existence now
what's the phrase he's been saying to
you for the last year though tell me
your mother and I oh yeah saying this
every toys like Tommy mother and I are
ready for the next chapter of our lives
with retirement he's retiring at the end
of this year Wow so mother and I think
so he goes on these fans I guess
everybody does well you know everybody
goes like what we're gonna do over the
holidays or what like I think you
fantasize about your retirement you know
yeah he's like I think we're gonna do is
rent a car and we'll just drive because
we have nothing tying us down you know
no job so we'll just be able to drive
all these places your mother's never
been you know the Grand Canyon okay
Vermont from Florida all right he's a
drive from Florida I think we could just
leave you know six weeks at a time
uh-huh do I go yeah and then he tells me
this
500 times they come out for Christmas
and I go mom are you excited about your
road trips coming up
she just closes her eyes as if to say
I've heard this and I hate it and then I
go so do you realize kind of what he's
talking about like how long I go because
you know he doesn't he won't do like 10
hours of driving so he's talking about
driving like maybe like 4 hours one day
five hours from South Florida to the
Grand Canyon I'm like so the first day
the first night you spend the night in
Florida the second night I don't know
maybe you make it to Mississippi maybe
you know the third so I'm like you're
talking about at your pace 8 days going
out there and she's like what it's like
yeah and then I see her go she goes I'll
meet you there and then I just saw his
fantasy that he talked about for a year
collapsed in one conversation but also I
wanted to go didn't you ever like think
about talking to her about it like I
feel like you just had this fantasy that
you never even pitched to her well I'm
like news to her she was like well
where's it's news to her cuz you've been
telling me the fantasy for a year and my
first thought was always why would a 70
year old woman want to sit in a car for
eight hours a day for weeks it just
doesn't sound like fun for her he was
like yeah no no he's like hey you need a
whole new I think he just wanted to have
you know I need he likes plans yeah he
likes knowing that what the plan is and
now it's like hey there's no plan again
he's like fuck now what yeah maybe if
they got like a mobile home absolutely
not
she won't do it 100% no that's a little
better at least she could lay down and
play with the dog or whatever no it's
not gonna happen no it's like that's a
lot to me that's my nightmare like
that's like being a feature act again
that's all I did was drive for weeks and
it's terrible
no it's a nightmare I hate that and like
staying in motels like they'd have to
find shelter and
night get different city like crazy
really a bad idea for two old people I
know
yeah sit listen at the Red Roof Inn like
she's not gonna want to do that I know
really crazy
no no what a nightmare total nightmare
sounds horrible they just drive across
the country she's like what I can't
think of anything he's never going to
train ride and she's like totally I'm
not excited about it not matter I would
not just like a train ride to DC he's
like yeah it's not it's not that nice
but it's fun and I see her going but
it's not fun it's not it's so boring
like I think cuz I've traveled already
I've driven I've driven through the
entire u.s. like I got it I get it yeah
a lot yeah and I go how are you gonna
spend in DC and he goes three nights I
think and I go that's not not a lot of
time to see all the things they have in
do you see won't you stay longer I see
my mom looking at me and she goes do you
want to pay for this and I go why did
you say like five nights you can really
see all the museums then you take the
train back he was no he's I think we'll
fly back you know it's expensive I go
take the train back you already took it
there take it back enjoy the Train take
a detour take the train see where else
the train goes
other places that's horrible
you know it's so funny okay great I
should go to Europe yeah you will see a
dad boner yeah I do something right now
and there's literally a kangaroo getting
ready to fucking jump eyes I don't know
that's nutty doesn't say where it is but
that is a total let's see that's a
well-earned reaction yeah if he's in the
u.s. that's pretty nutty I think almost
anywhere you see a kangaroo
you flip out pretty rad that's pretty
rad what about a dad boner watching a
cat know I saw this one this is dumb I
don't like this one I like this one this
isn't a dad boner but this is a cat also
everyone who likes our Facebook page
will be invited to a special Lego town
event that's not open to the sweet guy
yeah he's like me cats are silly he's
that guy remind you of me or no
no why you're he's way more sexual than
you like the sexual energy just oozing
off that guy you're rude rude as hell
all right well that's it all right okay
why does your dad did we talk about this
last time why does your dad make so much
noise when he sits up like I noticed
that he would just be sitting he would
be like kind of laying back from on the
couch why the noises like does it hurt
there's a lot of things I want to ask
him why why do you do that uh-huh he's
so hard he really is he's odd and also
so comfortable being himself I know I
love him I think that's why he's so
awesome
yeah and he really fits into our life
like you were gone and it was just the
three of us top dog LJ and I know LJ
went down for a nap I went to take a nap
and he just chilled on our couch and
watched like was the most low
maintenance guy yeah he's the best
yeah I came down he's like Christina you
know Ellis is jazz the cutest kid like
he got into that whole thing yeah he
just all he wants is like a little bit
of snack so you have to give him some
treats every now and then his coach yeah
some TV and he's happy it's true he's
all oh yeah it's really great he's the
best he's actually really cool to have
around I kind of wish he would just live
on her couch I don't mind at all I know
I know it'd be fun he's a sweetest I
think we'll continue to see them twice a
year though that's just way that's gonna
get ya that's too bad I hope they visit
more especially now that they're gonna
be gone all this time chapters next
Jennifer's gonna be nice these road
trips helps it too I like you have to
stay stay out here for a little while
you know they don't know what to do the
whole time they were here over Christmas
they just went to the mall every single
day I know where you know there's Malibu
right like there's the ocean it was the
weather was beautiful and yeah they're
like we're going the mall okay so we
didn't Maui
I guess we're related thanks again for
listening please check out like I said
the new special Friday disgraceful also
mother inferiors on Netflix
that's Christina's special you can come
see us live Christina P online Tom
Segura calm thank you again for all your
support and I will see you next week
next few weeks we have guests then we'll
do a couple weeks without you know we go
back and forth but thanks again always
as always for listening watching the
show alright goodbye everybody this is
uh diseased mommies by Chris Spence here
you go you need closeness of other
humans to develop the mechanism for
emotional regulation was missed
Oh
[Music]
I'm trying to get away but I was
restrained Wow helped build a finally
distinguishing between true mental
illness and ordinary misery nuts nuts
nuts I'm trying to get away but I was
restrained so a disease is a complex
relationship between the substrate in
the environment that results in a an
abnormal state of physiology reflected
in signs and symptoms that follow a
predictable pattern we call it natural
history with a predictable response to
treatment
[Music]
just a bunch of guys yeah enjoying each
other's company
[Music]